Fill out the how the web works learn content (#38109)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/styling_basics/what_is_css/index.md

Using CSS, you can control exactly how HTML elements look in the browser, presenting your documents to your users with whatever design and layout you like.

- A **document** is usually a text file structured using a markup language, most commonly {{Glossary("HTML")}} (these are termed _HTML documents_). You may also come across documents written in other markup languages such as {{Glossary("SVG")}} or {{Glossary("XML")}}. Where previously we've talked about web pages, an HTML document contains the web page's content and specifies its structure.

> - **Presenting** a document to a user means converting it into a form usable by your audience. {{Glossary("browser","Browsers")}}, like {{Glossary("Mozilla Firefox","Firefox")}}, {{Glossary("Google Chrome","Chrome")}}, or {{Glossary("Microsoft Edge","Edge")}}, are designed to present documents visually, for example, on a computer screen, projector, or printer. In a web context, this is generally referred to as _rendering_; we provided a simplified description of the process by which a web page is rendered in [How browsers load websites](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_browsers_load_websites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Presenting** a document to a user means converting it into a form usable by your audience. {{Glossary("browser","Browsers")}} like {{Glossary("Mozilla Firefox","Firefox")}}, {{Glossary("Google Chrome","Chrome")}}, {{Glossary("Apple_Safari","Safari")}}, and {{Glossary("Microsoft Edge","Edge")}} are designed to present documents visually, for example, on a computer screen, projector, mobile device, or printer. In a web context, this is generally referred to as _rendering_; we provided a simplified description of the process by which a web page is rendered in [How browsers load websites](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_browsers_load_websites).
```

## How is CSS applied to HTML?

> As explained in [How browsers load websites](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_browsers_load_websites), when a web page is navigated to, the browser first receives the HTML document containing the web page content and converts it to a **DOM tree**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained in [How browsers load websites](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_browsers_load_websites), when you navigate to a web page, the browser first receives the HTML document containing the web page content and converts it to a **DOM tree**.
```
